## DJ Randomizer Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for DJ Randomizer application for Android.

Last Modified: March 27, 2024

This privacy policy has been developed to help you understand if/how we collect, use and protect the information. By installing and using the application, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing. If you do not agree, please do not install and use the application.

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

### Interpretation and Definitions

#### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

#### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Developer (referred by our pseudonym "JS IT Solutions" as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to DJ Randomizer.

Device means any device that can access this mobile application such as a cellphone or a digital tablet or any other device capable to do so.

Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

Service refers to this Application.

Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of US. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

### Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

#### 1. Non-personal information

Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your memory size, your phone IMEI number, phone model, install, uninstall, frequency of use, etc.
We do NOT collect or share any non-personal information apart from the data that is required by the google play service and that is not under our control.

#### 2. Personal data

Personal data means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name, your phone number, email address).
We do NOT collect, store or share any personal data with third parties.

#### 3. Camera data

We do NOT collect or share any camera data.

#### 4. Location data

We do NOT collect or share any location data.

#### 5. Usage data 

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service and may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), application version, the modules of our Service that You visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, Your mobile device unique ID, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, We may be required to disclose any information We hold if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose any collected data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of We
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability

Your privacy is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to protect any information We collect, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Children's Privacy

Our Service do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

### Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at: contact.js.itsolutions@gmail.com